Add documentation for celltype refs files (#406)
AlexsLemonade/scpca-nf: internal-instructions.md

For each supported reference, a list of all the reference files that are needed to run `scpca-nf` will be included.
This file is required as input to `scpca-nf`.

3. `celltype-reference-metadata.tsv`: Each row of this TSV file corresponds to a supported cell type reference available for cell type assignment using `add-celltypes.nf`.
For all references, the following columns will be populated: `celltype_ref_name`, `celltype_ref_source` (e.g., `celldex`), supported `celltype_method` (e.g., `SingleR`).
For all references obtained from the `PanglaoDB` source also require an `organs` column containing the list of supported `PanglaoDB` organs to include when building the reference.

> This should be a comma separated list of all organs to include.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This should be a comma-separated list of all organs to include.
```

3. Generate an updated `scpca-refs.json` by running the script, `create-reference-json.R`, located in the `scripts` directory.
4. Generate the index files using `nextflow run build-index.nf -profile ccdl,batch` from the root directory of this repository.
5. Ensure that the new reference files are public and in the correct location on S3 (`s3://scpca-references`).

## Adding additional cell type references

> Follow the below steps to add suppor for additional cell type references:

Reviewer: fixes a typo (suppor**t**), and adds sentence which you can feel free to tweak!
```suggestion
Follow the below steps to add support for additional cell type references.
We currently only support `celldex` and `PanglaoDB` for reference sources.
```
